hi my name is john armstrong with
expertvillage.com i'm a professional
guitar instructor and today we're going
to be discussing beginning classical
guitar okay with this next exercises I
like to discuss a little bit about some
more right hand technique stuff we're
going to work a little bit more page he
owes as we kind of discussed a little
bit in the Spanish study I have some
some studies for the right handsome some
of them taken from our Oh Julie honey
120 studies from the right I'm just
going to give you a few of these to get
you started exercise number one
basically all these exercises deal with
the use of a C chord and a g7 chord okay
an exercise number one that I have here
it just deals with a ccording technique
we're using the P I & M fingers just
with a moving bass line with our thumb
there
should repeat it
and then with a big c chord exercise
number two this is where we start to get
in an actual or pay geo technique here
i'm using the P I & M fingers on the C
chord I'll be planting planting those
fingers applying a downward pressure
into the strings releasing that pressure
as I play the arpeggio here's an example
I precise number two
you
exercise number three is an example of
addy sending our page year now here we
can't plant all three fingers but what
we would like to try to do would be to
try to plant the P and the M fingers
okay so P and M there we go
you